---
layout: post
title: IQ and EQ
category: tattle
tag:[tattle]
---
  When I was young, people always told me that IQ is very important. But when come to college, they told me that EQ is more important. Which one is right?

  Your IQ is your level of intelligence, and EQ is your level of emotional. For scientific research, IQ is much more important than EQ. Further, IQ is everything when you come to the top of any field. One genius is much more valueable than one handred normal guy. But when come to our normal life, EQ is more important than IQ. Personality is your destiny and attitude leads you  to success.

  In my opinion, it's easy to explain. Geniuses can do things that normal can't do even they keep thinking for years. But in normal life, your IQ is 140,and his IQ is 70, that only mean you can thinking much faster then go further than him, but doesn't mean you can reach to the place that he can't reach to. Like the old story of the Hare and the Tortoise said, to obtain success in society, constancy and right direction is more important than speed. Clever guys usually can't keep focus to one thing, they always jump from here to there, and do many job. But unlike genius guys,they can't do fantastic job, they just do good job. But normal guy know their weaknesses, so they keep focus on one field for years, then became experts in that field. 
  
  Some theory said that anyone can became an expert in your field with the 10000 hour practice. That's true, except for some real genius field. For example, you can't be an expert in relativity theory field, even if you keep learning for a whole life. But in most field, this 10000 hour rule is true. that's the secret of success.
